Hi good night thursday 19 hours ago
Good morning where did God draw the numbers for February Elisângela Nossa
pounds team and the Jorge six secretary of fisheries will speak as
got it right growing last year even with the pandemic it's a lot going forward
even for anemia or out of necessity, right or because there were people I completed the
working in that area I arrived just now from
is from Alcântara Alcântara Maranhão among other things we went to deliver titles of
quilombolas in that region because people left an area
to another so that Alcântara's launch could really work
in its Fullness So as an agreement with no problem each one each
of these, his life received 15 hectares of rural area, right with the title
I already had the definitive and also an urban property in the city of a thousand
square meters a residence in that area so internet Master I really
quite is quite comfortable comfortable and so
being is we continue in this work delivery of credit titles according to
Ministry of Agriculture in two years and one month of government we deliver more types
property than previous 20 years and you know Jorge who my dad was up to
marked her own when she was 30 years old Gera she hits the captain already
in the example he saw it was a very big celebration because he lives for rent
whole and the title deed We need the corner is one thing
exceptional possession there since1909 average 1990 and had not yet at that time
30 31 32 years the type of property studied the guarantee for him, you know
what guarantee that way Everything that is produced there right do will stay for the
your children and in this and Good night the satisfaction of that people, right
humble is really something that encourages us to continue working this way
moment I congratulate then Minister Tereza Cristina and Geraldo do
INCA Geraldinho from INCA also gave nabhan, right, nabhan Garcia, who [ __ ] the
video there briefly squeeze our environment President is also almost articulation
these rural producers now have access to finance to increase
your protection is also a really great joy
This is already the case in Goiás and Bahia doing the same thing, some do not value it there
you can see how long Jorge has not heard of MST invasions
when you attack in that direction giving dignity to these people she comes across like
of movement the others many people lived imprisoned next to parties so
who used that person to invade property ended up land invasion
were ten years old in the last two years that lasted a few days
some even a few hours exactly because of that we
and ends up giving a month, right, and dignity to these people who were used with masses of
maneuver of political parties and the past there
a very big controversial milestone is made when raising consumption over
hydroxychloroquine is manufactured the most spent it was the day of the invitation it wasn’t just
the kitchen there, other diseases continue, it is only with a video that malaria continues the
lupus continues we have here on average here 200,000 cases of malaria in Brazil
I don’t know how many pills a person takes to cure Malaria It’s a lot
people in the Amazon region take preventive production I believe not
i'm sure it's in the house three and a million pills a year EA lasts the
useful life right to validate this denial four years Nobody is doing anything
wrong throwing it away now there is the personal alciley treatment there are people who
do not want to understand that there are a lot of doctors who use
This is hydroxychloroquine ivermectin is setra for early treatment so
there was a higher consumption of it, so was I. What problem did I take now
curiosity, right? The Regional Medical Council of the Federal District published
a resolution the goal of protecting doctors prescribing medicines
off-label then the class of the invite the doctor in agreement with the patient
speech does not have the remedy yet scientifically proven for that but
we have observations and studies that if you take this type of medicine now
you can insure we cannot deny the doctor the fileme treatment which is
also known with out of the bull the curiosity here right
today I am going to talk because there is a research the research of USP Brazil
leads home and depression in quarantine good so 63 percent the country leads that
have more credit on cell phones are 63 percent and depression 50 does not have is the
one of the side effects of staying at home is that feeling of fear that
it was placed in the house of people's heads you are going to die I don't leave the house
you're going to die you can't deal with a serious thing here the thing for us
You will stay at home until how long then I have an account to pay you
soon we will have I don't want to talk here because this officer will have
Marco also read a survey on the amount of suicide in Brazil by
cause of this policy stays at home used right to be politically redundant
this collection of rivers the kills virus we regret death we regret it + 200000
it is but we have to live back there I always said here we have two problems o
viruses and jobs jobs still exist in Brazil and especially there
among informal ones across 40 million people so along with the
price of the chamber and the Senate the Economic team we are studying there to extend the
emergency aid for how many months three four months is not defined
even what the value is not defined now is something that has
hurry has to be from March and we need we need and we will do the
possible to serve the population now the ideal is to return to normal employment
understand the skin there the state and municipal authorities that although
few states, right, or municipalities are adopting this policy of isolation from that of
stays home so the economy picks up we should
is older and those people who have certain communities now Maybe right
almost right tomorrow I do a video conference Mr Benjamin Natalie to the
Prime Minister Israel which issue is being developed there and the final phase
medicine to cure it Invite me that I didn't say medicine back there I took it to
each he hit me ok he doesn't want Maria Massena entered the vaccine pile
right, the guy who enters the vaccine line only the vaccine or is a useful ***** that we
we must have several options that those who are contaminated do not help vaccine
people who think it's no use who has to contaminate is no use
vaccine who has to be contaminated has to go to early treatment
see a doctor to see if I get a suggestion for you and how a thing
he will say we don't have a medicine yet to deal with it
and we will not have this one maybe here and very expensive it’s serving it doesn’t have
scientific evidence Just like vaccines do not have a certificate
definitive is also not in the same situation as this other remedy is going to have
it works in many cases and the guy takes it or doesn't take it now It’s a spray
that we are meeting is already settled right I do it right that can
doesn’t happen right but the virtual meeting between me and Benjamin is already set
Nathaniel to talk about is this new spray that is used for at least
even less experimentally, the person is in a serious condition
I love you Poxa will wait without disturbed Ah and by coincidence This is the
developing a drug to treat and ovarian cancer called ex SUS and
of 24 points 29 and apply in Opa exons and 24 applied in 29 patients lawyer
all have recovered so the tremendous news I hope it is be is
really effective direct to the treatment of the kitchen a question to
you do you have a father a brother a friend who is there look will be intubated you
will you spray him on the nose or not Or will he treat it like hydroxychloroquine
because it also has no scientific proof so the world with this
top treatment I take, right, called out of the package ends up discovering things ok
I want here we are already working with our Minister Ernesto Araújo and with
more people the model also addressing this issue
with the hospital there in Israel that deals with the one that is developing and
this remedy and if possible remedy If God wants it will work now what
it cannot happen in Brazil as I said here from the Regional Council of
Medicine from here from the Federal Wires cannot as some are doing
criminalizing filebo treatment that wants to polish the doctor who might
recent thing for those with viruses this is all over the world if you practice it and the
doctor has a right but that the right I understand a duty to seek a tooth
assisting this person has a disease, which we don't know all about yet
she like kitchen 19 and he thinks here today has nothing if you followed followed
the protocol of your mandetta who is the poster boy for TV Globo you will
having to come back here on the day, shortness of breath to return with shortness of breath
have medicine and then this batch Lembo may not give more results more you
going to be intubated and the index of people who lose both base concept life is
too big will say to that these people who want to criminalize off
I remember you have to have the courage to say that I’m saying it’s a blow
all the time but I can’t go worrying about it I have to seek
alternatives and transmits the population that the world and here in Brazil we are
looking for alternatives to the kitchen 19 So if God wants tomorrow the
meeting with his Benjamin Nathaniel to address this issue and I
I want to bring it here. Obviously bring it here to get the documentation from at
and let me know that I’m not going to do it here Okay, Avisa acknowledged that there is
really the per city heals that the side effect is infinitely small we
we will authorize this spray here in Brazil
the idea the old man has already filled your father if he was serious These buildings are
explosion of Brazil you think here passes or not you will not be more he will be
you you best spray Monalisa not
continuing here look And now there is a new news is not
proven everything is still not proven the use of hydroquinone in
fogging information that arrived here is lacking a proof of fashion our
part but the reports are that a few hours or the person who receives nebulization
of toxin would feel relieved and go looking for logically only one person
an information but it is a sign that there are people who are really concerned with this is
doctor and have courage ok it's not just stay at home with feeling short of breath
come back to you, you bar there with all due respect I think I think you know
this is not the right way and make it very clear to the doctors watching me here
now since some have an idol diet If it were up to him the valid king is
it would have been practically automatic everybody he wanted the
What is private is also applicable to the revalidation test, you know that
it could happen i vetoed that device the mandetta went to work
to overturn the veto against it I heard that it works to overturn
cat later right I didn't even know it was on a night so called I would have
called him to solve this problem and by four votes we cook by four votes
to overturn a veto 257 the mandetta got 253 no Almost revaled him to
private lessons to be applied to was approved there in bed Zé potássio
and this is their contribution to medicine
Jorge will talk a little bit here José you about increasing exports
of fish Wow, how do you have the President taking advantage of Live here and
congratulate all of our farmers are going to be crops from Brazil because even
in the year and pandemics an extremely difficult year a year you know that all of us there
we try even harder Embrapa is now published on the 8th of February the numbers of the
exports of the Brazilian culture of fish farming and we had an implementation of
4.4 percent compared to 19 increasing here our fish scores ok
except if this is increasing we are Our tilapia and mainly
tilapia is of very good quality the the american is especially also states
United has received a lot of tilapia and approves of its quality
I'm from the Ribeira Valley created a book and Eldorado Paulista used to take Acará
a little wand in some the little one I ate yesterday
guy is the tilapia is they are cousins ​​brothers will go back there wasn’t that
very big not 300 grams at most expensive brand passes mine That's aunt
Lap the aunt there that she has undergone genetic evolutions just like the chicken
so for sure these tilapia today weighing 1kg and 900 grams They have been going through
genetic improvement What is Union water concession what is that
president we for example we have 73 hydroelectric lakes that today produce
energy for our country and there are farmers who want to
use that space to produce fish then we as a Union
Secretariat of aquaculture and fisheries grants a space a piece there of that
water for our farmers to produce in fish on those lips of
drastic was asking here is an area of ​​a water slide a
100% hectare produces 10 to 15 tons of tilapia per year according to Embrapa
that within that same area are compartmentalized cage increases the em
how many times 10 up to 100 tons per year brakes 150 tons gives to
imagine i want to have a small hydroelectric plant logically can
be bigger than your water depth or help here are always ok one is it ok
You can produce 100 tons of cans a year Imagine how he can see it
right, sell there in your region a hundred tons for help me guys you
entered the pan of how many of the 03 all 300 kg a day together this account then you
do the math right there, how many kilos ran away from the fish and you are a
your dream there I do not hinder us to practice
fish farming on Lake Itaipu How is the negotiation with Paraguay
president all movements within Brazil we have already done with the Ministry
of the environment the ministry of foreign relations with Itaipu
binational on the Brazilian side is on the side there for the Brazilian What
what is missing is how there is a prohibition in Paraguayan laws we are
waiting, calm down the academy a little bit with Minister Tereza
Cristina together with Minister Ernesto Araújo, we are going to Paraguay to do
this conviction because today Paraguay is practically zeroed and
fish production and they will be able to produce 200 thousand tons because the
total production there are 400 thousand tons of 200 thousand for the Brazilian side
200 m Paraguayan side, that is, besides us, it has already produced energy
wonderful that Itaipu we can produce food for all our
and Paraguay can eat fish, see you by call, all control with all
sure ok it did the math there is about 300 a small lake of one
hectare of a pch can produce about 300 kg of fish per day
wonderful as hell hem as hell And of course it costs How it is
that the feed of Brazil is consuming increased fish generation President the
Stock unions have now reported a 10 percent increase over 2020
is the consolidated production I will I will disclose to you until the end
February but sales of feed increased ten percent
It naturally increased production and we estimate it with the fisheries secretariat
Between six and seven percent of the end of the month we will confirm this
approved the autonomy of the Central Bank project that came from the Senate E
how it was agreed some verses is that i haven’t heard of it yet
and the light week Thursday I hope to address the Bank's autonomy here
Central and near and against that we have nowadays or by the central bank
that grandson Roberto Roberto Naruto and Neto
Roberto Campos was a deputy with me in the 90s went to me not young yet
I think he turned 50 is still an exceptional job there and will have a
date of a 4-year date but it is to start is always you take two years from one
government right the values ​​years and advances authorizing the previous government then
this according to many people will give peace of mind guarantee and security for
the most important bank that was Brazil here which is a central bank President
I don't know if people have this knowledge but Roberto Campos Neto
he was elected the best president of the central bank Congratulations he sets up I'll let you
talking will not give gravity kiss only that the bag right there for the president of da
Cash can't be left behind, right? Banco do Brasil's also change the lighthouse
from the box here today in Alcântara or together
and I with the presenter of Caixa Econômica e Alcântara who has a producer
of 25 thousand inhabitants there he decided to open a Caixa branch still in the
first half there in Alcântara in Maranhão wins the population because the
Caixa Econômica also has its social bias which is very personal importance
pass the gesp that talks to us are very satisfied there with an agency that
Pedrão Abril is helping a lot they don't need to go to Jessica
helping is depositing is withdrawing to pay at your tip so Pedrão
so congratulations and also our friend Colonel Melo Araújo is doing a
work there topic President the exceptional tire ended the joke there
it doesn’t hurt to remember here PSOL charged the previous board, right President
board I charged 160 is a month of four thousand people that pushes the
cart who was that humble people R $ 160 is a lot of money
the correctly a whole 200 ladies you saw a cup of coffee Jessica is born
Jefferson doesn't have 50 thousand people walk by and Jeff every day they go there to do
buy sell Okay and tables paid 160 is for the same as if it were the
toll is over 60 retro month ok among other things here everything is wrong there
inside everything wrong now it is not easy just you do the right thing is the
my part of the part of what we put to work like Colonel Araújo who
recently left the Rota command, you know, working inside is a job
difficult is the work that to fight corruption anywhere in Brazil
it is not easy to fight corruption and it does an exceptional job within the
Ceagesp when she congratulates you today Thank you very much Our is Our continence and
when already you spoke if you have to change we think together
Pedro was next to the cashier and he made a statement there and said
I'm going to put the box that we gave 26 days after a Caixa bus
inside right and now i think i'm sure it looks like there is already a theme to
people here cell is not i'm not sure i sure more will time
find the time for the Caixa wire to be very active in this collection then mine there today
I wouldn’t go unnoticed if it didn’t happen, you have to have
at least the bus was using it inside as well since
we talked about buses for I went in your backpack but I will not deny information
for you end of January we had 700 the tithing prisoner last Monday
another 13 cents and it looks like they’re going to have even more adjustment because the price of
oil is rising abroad and the dollar does not fall in Brazil
what I’m doing on my part of has Ali we have federal taxes and
states, in addition to more profit from the Poço ones, as well as the profit also from the
distributors have four we have a fuel price and there are four
people there for the truck owner's neck so for example I can't
Federal 2012 does not fuel us and such Cid Cid is zero Cid a09 we do not charge
nothing in the diesel in the alcohol in the cooking gas and don't want to see the action duty we
we charge then on gasoline 10 cents so pretty ten cents above
five reais in the posts represents a lot for 10 cent has another tax
Federal called PIS cofins in diesel is 35 cents here in ok
today I'm going to tell you about gasoline is salty 79 cents each liter 79
penny if you boot Elite's to pay 7/98 reais right Redondo here boot
they r $ 8 it's hard to hear our federal tax on the album stuck the PIS
cofins of blocks of 24 cents in the gas that the housewife uses at home, right
sixteen cents an average is at 90 the Federal tax on the LPG
and it's almost imperceptible sixteen cents on an average of 90 reais then
do not manage to see folks i will start publishing here the price of the cylinder of 13
Kg How much three gas costs here at the new refinery so let's say there at
refinery ok not everything comes from there seeing the gas seeing the good Avon products well suppose
that you’re going to assume it’s a refinery at the refinery Okay and you’re going
know how much does this state tax charge that the ICMS the profit margin and
also the distribution then the wholesale kitchen gas is ok but if I don’t
mistake the price of 13 kg a day is below 40 reais the price there ready for the
distributor pick it up and distribute it Okay it's under 40
this will tell you who is wrong if someone is wrong and where
is that you can press to decrease the value of that there
and the most important thing here we can charge up to 46 cents per liter
of tithing and we charge 35 cents since we assume we don't
we increased the price of PIS cofins and quite the contrary I want to reduce this
value of that 35 cents now a project that was to be presented today is going
be tomorrow the economy has delayed what we want we intend nothing more than
that to regulate a constitutional amendment of formil That is to 20
years has an amendment to the condition which is number 33 which is not regulated which
that the amendment this amendment thing there and it is up to the complementary law
and define the fuels and lubricants on which the tax
will focus only once the only time has no double taxation let's
get there good so what happens what does the
ours we intend here the project is ready the opinion of the economy is missing
the other Ministry I was given an opinion when it delayed me it is common economy
delaying these opinions is common but tomorrow that opinion has to be ready
but I had to bring it to Rever here that we want as a project
I'm talking language for everyone to understand here to see if he has Joice
you will understand has a farm council confides
today we want to make the decline in what percentage you
and will focus on the fuel liter or the fixed value in reais that
will that will appear for each fuel line as ICMS
So this is good to suppose Dido let's suppose confaz will say look it will be
charged a percentage on top of the book comes from the liter of the refinery or the amount
fixed on top of the liter of fuel sold at the gas station in case they are
talking about tithing in a second moment and the governors will decide
with their respective representatives How much is that percentage or what is the value
fixed over the river has no interference from me anybody nor a
governor to lose revenue and he will say
the final report of the line that my God will propose with their
representative I want the liter of gasoline to be charged 50 cents here
cms or as much as 30 40 50 10 20 percent per cent of the price of diesel in the
would refine something wrong this what we don't want and even this is
being something that can be discussed in court that what you do here from 15
days nowadays it takes this average fuel value and then I'm city councilmen
apply the PC on top of here so that he can get it before
collection of cms So what happens is the ICMS tax not only on the price of
fuel in the refinery most also focuses on the PIS cofins focuses on
case of withdrawal decides and focuses on the profit margin
and focuses on the cost of distribution and focuses on the very
and Neto to go crazy, what else is going to be
there was a clan I hope that the Parliament approves nothing too much is
a right for all of you to know, right How much tax is paid in any
goods that you have will have more do not require you via port decree You will
crash your car be it days and the aviation kerosene gasoline alcohol which is not
at the health center, you will see there is a sign there, price on
refinery Let's kick here let's go back R $ 2 price of the refinery clothes ok
costing here i live in Rio de Janeiro the Manguinhos refinery to book the fine
is any of this fuel is going through Dori there then there is in the middle of
way you will know how much is Federal tax our
and the ICMS State tax the profit margin of the fuel stations And also the
distribution course and you will be able to see look at the federal government is charging
the state government is charging a lot to bring the fuel from the
line so far is this price because it is not a table can the same post in Barra da
Tijuca, you know, push Barra da Tijuca and there in Méier. It looks different, that's
given to live now i will show a sign how much is it costing what Talita who
I can do it you will talk I put 200 already gasoline my car
And you're for example real mine isn't 50 real
is the price the value of the tax of PIS cofins in the book R $ 200 was for was 5S
1 liter you put 40 liters each breath the defendant you paid 40 reais the government
federal is too little Oi and the state is buying 30 or
50 or 40 will have a heart it's bad to talk about Rio de Janeiro
phone line if you have an account at $ 200 per
example your cell phone your $ 200 called see if it is inside the other
you know how much you're paying for SMS and I think you don't know
well then try to find out let's see if you can do the survey here to
show in some states of Brazil how much you pay semester your
phone and you see here the governors union
Our mayors we collected very tasty we still have many today we
we intend to see it there for tax reform it will be able to reach up to
the end at the end of this year I don't know I hope so it was tried while she
Deputy was tried to do that was never achieved at the very most put the
medicine in this selection are stuck with you and have a second project that I'm
in the arm wrestling with the farm right the economy
the pro We are here to reduce PIS cofins that every time we talk about reducing
any tax right Anything not the brunette doesn't matter you have to go or
increase other taxes or create a new tax
and me We are dealing with this one because I think there may be
there is a cause of exceptionality for this we are could not believe
him in what depends on me I want to reduce the PIS cofins to a first
moment the home auditors will complain but it’s just that this time once
only you won't be able to because you want to if you can reduce the diesel
for the worse the beans you are going to buy the rice Whatever it is that
depends on road transport will arrive cheaper at the tip of my
you will feel it is positively this one I'm sure I can reduce the
tax burden is the interior of Paulo Guerra he has been saying this all the time
we will not only administration but also do what we are most satisfied with
among the population and he can see that he is paying less taxes really to
tax burden is what this end of Brazil is the country that charges the most taxes
good and the least service offered by the population in
in something further it only talks about PIS and cofins which is a claim
there in our agriculture sector wants to take that one and they gained to hitch a ride
here is heavy now just give a satisfaction to our culture bag the
orange producers in Brazil there is already a bill that is
processing inside the right there on us commissions after sticking logically
then Minister Paulo Guedes Economic team will have to give us the OK but
we have been working on this because today the President chicken is already exempt from
pis-cofins or pigs already have conflict management and the fish that needs it so much
to be promoted in Brazil, right? You need to have this isonomy so just to talk
people that we are working with the congress work here
crazy let's go fight with the Economic team went to sleep well it's not easy
it's not easy but let's try now we want to treat and lower taxes
in a climate of tranquility and not a conflictive climate in Brazil
Hi and people from the market, anything you talk about here, you get irritated
on the tip of the tongue, right, it's just Vitória Shut up, I only if Brazil doesn’t have one
directions everyone is going to lose you too so let's stop being annoyed
ok you are going to lead nowhere are you looking for solutions one of the way we
we decrease the price of fuel here is if the dollar falls in here But any
I can negotiate any hole in the company. This market is irritated, you know.
just open the dollar everybody asks with that guys
and you know the critical situation that is in Brazil we have the internal worthy of
around five trillion reais is a pay you taxpayer pay a lot
to roll out of this life so what we want is co-responsibility to decrease the load
tax in Brazil well general bikes soon twin I noted here he ran away from here in
GM will invest ten billion reais in Brazil in São José dos Campos é and São
Caetano do Sul so it is certain this is a sign of confidence Here in Brazil it is
sign that we're doing the right thing co-responsibility can't when it
talks about discussing for a few more months, right a few months, the extension of the aid
in management, the market stays there behaving that way,
Let's give them a signal that we don't want this
the sun you know what it's like to starve you exam the secret session my a given
moment I mention some authorities I spoke to They don't know that rice and beans
you know how people are doing out here when I stop
unexpected helicopter huh there is a mission on the way back choose a small village
a thousand people that people will talk to the people you know the
need that these people go through simply does not reach out in an hour
of necessity and we know that speaking and emergency aid is indebtedness
we know that Oh and let's do things with
responsibility is on camera is the Senate The vast majority working in this direction
looking for a way to meet this difficult moment that our people still
so it has some emergency emergency measure is not lifelong
Because if the problems got worse, it’s a political issue to stay at home, this bridge
terror on everyone if Brazil does nothing to produce and start there meets
difficulties what can happen in Brazil you can imagine I will not talk
then I’m not even going to draw here Can you imagine him or does he have no history
present loses like idiots I think it’s impeachment you have to put here
in my place and after who he is and send him to show up here i'm going to see what is
what he would do than we did what we are doing so far Where's the
a slow there just curiosity is not a criticism yet a secretary of the
secretary of and not health secretary of Maranhão right
goes to television and Décio the firewood of that lost the number of Maranhão here all
the wood goes down on me down there like you if we hadn’t done the
our part so the numbers for Maranhão have not only us this is not
what I’m trying to confuse here is the state of Maranhão, which was the
last year 19 billion reais money from the federal government 19 far away has already been
bright 19 state of Maranhão that we present nothing for the
Maranhão does not have this type of criticism and it is what makes ours the
our fast government is ok so with 19 million in total it was the State of
Maranhão is the one It will be if I catch it today in 10 seconds then I want the numbers
right here in Maranhão So here it is
[Applause] And oh my god I'm going to change this
communication team here I will not change communications team here
for the love of god knows how to stay here I double I know ok ours even for
mayor of the emergency aid mayor was
in the home of 12 billion reais money in the vein of the suffering people of Maranhão
so we did it was almost 1 billion reais for the best 300 million reais
in specifically for ICU beds Zé Maranhão hair people have Above all the
secretary says we're not helping where did that money go I
I think I'm going to ask the Federal Police to take the next book already
that it doesn't have and the money was given to where it is I said the goat of the plague for
where did it go was this resource so here look
and it was 1.3 1300000000 exclusively for the health of Maranhão 13 billion reais
for emergency assistance is the state if I am not mistaken has lower income per
capita State of Maranhão is not by chance governed by the communist party of
Brazil where communism grows is exactly on top of the misery does not want
can see the states more than in the highest income there is no parliamentarian elected to
almost has no has almost nothing elected seems there communist party of
Brazil even so much in Venezuela Does anyone know how much inflation was in the
Venezuela is last year 3,700 percent he speaks the PC do B very connected to
North Korea but it also supports the regime there of Nicolás mature offense
la3700 percent me and even more the venezuelan currency
lost 90 percent of its purchasing power against the dollar basically in
function of what is issuing currency and there are people in Brazil the candidate for president
you keep saying that the moment is for me to put the machines to run
of the Casa da Moeda I’m going to put paper in the money square This doesn’t work
inflation I take to God of the organization and the infraction is the worst thing that
is worse for the purchasing power of the poorest people so it's OK
arriving something more often we create together as the
special social security and labor secretariat the INSS the federal police the
our Fishing Secretariat, right, and Caixa Econômica Federal, an anti-fraud group
on the issue the wires so for you to have an idea just
in november and december of last year more than 90 million were blocked which
would be improperly paid to people who were identified there without the profile
to receive the closed insurance is an important thing here because there are
obviously has to do with the price of fuel did you know that behind the
PT government, some refineries have been announced by Brazil around the world
Abreu e Lima refinery here and unrefined ok it caused a loss 68
billion reais one hundred and eight billion reais for Refinaria Abreu e Lima in
Pernambuco and the refined and asks for damage in Rio de Janeiro
80 billion reais also that is unrefined there is no refinery there is more
one in Maranhão the other will not be small is it was a small loss
here it is only Two Billion reais passed in the I will speak States
United loss 25 billion another one also little talked about what Naia Japan 13
million Total Doctor 230 billion reais knows who's paying this bill you
and Petrobras is the great guarantor of all of this
This is a very funny individual, in addition to other robbers who had there that
it was a political nomination for everything to tell the board do you know the history of
an hourly debt of hundreds of billions of reais that you are paying for
account is the price of fuel And look that the
stone goes in the refinery the price is not expensive i will bring next week here the
price of diesel gasoline at refineries for you to know
and then in the rest of the federal tax I tell you how much is each liter of
the rest there the ICMS is the profit margin of the service stations And also the price of the
of the distribution the last subject is over you Jorge we
quickly quickly sir's voice how's the Tilapia skin to
burn President a technology is 100 percent Brazilian kashif a
100% Brazilian technology here is a technology without Brazilian percent
done there in the land of our friend where's the cadê mozza there in Ceará right by the Doctor
Edmar and his team is the tilapia skin that replaces the treatments is
conventional burns prevention What are the advantages present when using
apply the Tilapia skin to the burnt he doesn't need to change the gauze no
need to touch the tape because the Tilapia skin, besides protecting, right?
injury she still absorbs the medication that she placed on top of it
So congratulations there Ceará o Congratulations doctor Edmar congratulations
our technology President is being exported to the whole world
including veterinary use, right, when there is a problem with animals,
used for people to go there to get an image the recovery is faster and faster
less sufferable for patients if also for animals it tool
the one with me from the trip today Federal Deputy Colonel Armando from Santa
Catarina and he asked to show that the Caxias shirt that was later left
giving up Joinville Esporte Clube was born here, head of Caxias
Ah ok the painter's shop advertise here I'm not getting anything No
it’s personal, the painter’s shop is also sponsoring here, Joinville today is
again the head of Caxias Futebol Clube accident You are already taking advantage of your
won the shirt is only side traveling for a rest what fish is this one
President, let's see if you could be good at the fish, they could stay.
a fish this one Does anyone know here guys I don't know which fish this is
Tucunaré is the king of now this one is there [Laughs]
it looks like a gift and the weekend maybe i go to tomorrow saturday sunday
there is also no way to work and I would be on Tuesday night or Wednesday
operates so much for the Wendel, it’s going to be on Tuesday and it’s ok, it’s not
because there will be a holiday the guy will skip the carnival the guy will take a
relaxed because the child was expected to pay after all
So pay right now, it's the one who made the reservation in the case of the federal government
right, the optional point is changing there on Monday and the holiday of
Tuesday another very important thing here we will have It is planned right between
October 29, November 5 the gebson Brazilian School Games that that the
its last edition was in 2004 17 years 17 years without Germs has a kids the age
approximately two aged 12 and 14 who are going to participate in some
sports in Rio de Janeiro and we want to thank you here
volunteer ambassadors are showing up to help sponsor the
show Jefferson me our Falcão of indoor soccer who does not remember him
that doesn’t take the motorcycle, you know, Dona Preta’s scooter, which I almost
I'm right with you, okay, Falcão's scooter was Flamengo's only book
hits the rich gives to Flamengo was champion in after the after Inter
lost to Sport at home yesterday it's just up to you I don't have
crowd more neutral stator since Palmeiras was out with mine went there
at Casa do Castelo scored no goals but the entire length of the delegation that
after all they were flower heroes here in Brazil in South America and any
team that goes there to Corinthians right now I'm going to talk here right until I
no Corinthians it was me, I'm a son, afterwards Corinthians didn't use it But that's okay
part we have our baby Hilário also who acted for a long time not he
Arthur Zanetti Olympic champion of artistic gymnastics Nova Unique image
Brazilian Olympic champion in athletics our José Aldo bi UFC champion was
quietly but is nauseous on top and showing him here I pray Grace
also a very dear person there in the Arabian region or I found the
time dealt with very well I met the cool United States here in Brazil
Renzo is also an exceptional person and we will go there if God wants is the secretariat
sport is in the hands of Marcelo Magalhães Magalhães you want to serve
that Jorge if you think I don’t deserve you want to be Minister O Marcelo
want to be less than a brand of women's Cold knitwear it was right you deserve a
and due to their competence their work deserves it but we don't have the climate to create
Ministry because we talk about the right to increase spending and we’re going to wait
little more Although personal fishing is the case here of Jorge Safe in our government
completely from previous governments I will talk a little bit about corruption in fishing
my neighbor, right? How was the fishing terminal? Okay, nothing
contract with whoever you meet security find here had no
security you know more or less how many you paid there to find
mobile security that Brazil more or less approximately annually
about 10 million reais and another 200 million What image 200 million is the
construction of curly terminals, these people received subsidized diesel oil at the
bakery and received from doing what is now not used in boats right you
without speaking a name or going into details above it is only with
last year and it was overpriced and there was no use for anything low either
happen also happening and there are people who were condemned
and you can imagine that there are a lot of people disgusted with fear, I repeat here before
he is late is the loss of tens of millions of reais now take a look
dozens of reais look at binational Itaipu I put there the general I invited if Veloso
critical of the General you know how to invest last year there in the work of
region two and a half million reais two ends of Paraguay stretching the runway
Foz do Iguaçu had also got a highway there Pantaneira Cavaleiro me
put all the stones Rodovia Boiadeira will start doing the work there
duplication meets I think more than 20 municipalities in the Midwest of Paraná
asks Professor Ratinho if he wants the binational Itaipu to pass to another
state otherwise it is in the state of Paraná Congratulations do Ratinho on your police
pch And then the electro will end his term
approximately 70 pch is expected and there must be ch that covers a city of
30,000 inhabitants energy is everything and we are also facilitating the construction
of pch and there was one that I had in Paraná was the name that greenish Bedin is
technology The tycoon all of him is 100 percent Brazilians an essential thing
that happened so here we go and Jorge Fez yes shop hard to
stay with you there
the late secretary of the past few months has soared the price of red meat
I would like to know from the Lord if the price of fish has also risen in the same
proportion in the same intensity as the fish prices go and this he
believes that with this increase in the price of red meat it can increase the
consumption of fish precisely as an alternative to red meat and became
most expensive in the secretary hours thank you the night which is the president of the
degree Victor Good night this is how there is already a migration is from other
protein to fish protein the producers come to us and have reported
really that the demand for fish has increased a lot, right? And this is certainly
a way for consumers to eat better than eating fish
and also to reduce costs, you know, if you have prepared it Decides is the brown we know
that from Brazil is personal it is not much faith for fish consumption myself
I confess to you I found I lived in Vale do Ribeira for a long time, right I
ate a cascudo that I even fish don't leave exceptional not if I haven't
news that people wanted things in Brazil not to be created, but to work out
ornamental lot another name, right Stay the things you align okay then
usually Clara The classes at night I was in the scientific 11 middle of the night
midnight O fell into the water and a friend of mine and we throw advanced net
in the pieces of the Rios special in the days that thunderstorm snored that the singer will
need what is raining it will rain the river under the fish
we have once hit a corner in the city homie a network not too long right
thirty meters we caught 200 and a few kakuta one thing
good then but it is a very tasty fish as it now has in the river Ribeira de Iguape
with more abundance the sea bass that I didn’t have in my time 50 years ago yes
love mane that go up there that the river flows into Iguape right asks cananeia-island
long and when I was flooding the manjuba up the Moju River
So whoever had a network works shorter, a little bit took it there is a
today there is news of other fish there that arrived in Rio Grande and four
as even Dourado is in it so everything goes and there are more fish today than in the
my time as a boy now taking advantage of those who do not know Fábio Ribeiro special
paulistanos even closer to the people of Curitiba nearby if you have a
gesture here put the jesc on yours on your car go there in Eldorado Paulista or
Sete Barras or meet the registration a little further and take a walk in Rio
of great and Guarujá what a wonderful thing I really a
fantastic thing to ride a jet ski in particular and here that the others down
It's clean, it's low, it's a fantastic thing, you can climb up your boots
wash and reel right you can put that artificial has a live
better still go up there 50 60 km of cedinho and lake jesc Vem Descendo o Rio playing the
wand catching goldfish and you can stop and lots of beach wonderful thing
really Vale do Ribeira tourism a fantastic thing that is not I am there Where is
Mozão in another case Augusto question
Hi good night Secretary Jorge Safe I was wondering if the government of any
helped the fishermen who lived from fishing in rivers affected by the
rupture of dams for example that fished in the Doce River
Hi good night Augusto Nunes excellent Question like this is in the Ministry of
Agriculture we did the working group and we charged the companies there
responsible for that and they are the continue even being is like a
part of the river you cannot fish you cannot engage in fishing activity due to
to the residues that were left there is chemical residues, heavy metals etc. So even
today many of these families are being harvested through this
companies and and work we did in the Ministry of Agriculture the hug
Augusto we are the oldest today here I am here you are older than day
that day by day we get older as a team, right? We are going to be born
although the world even older that I am with 65 several of the activities
urban areas on account of politics from brass would be the case of
incentive for the absorption of labor is from the Fisheries sector, which is a less
target and say safer on the issue of the academy obliged to
the goddess Fiuza Fiuza great pleasure is talking to you with you is the
fish farming especially Fishing not because we have sustainable limits
we can’t do fishing any more than we’re doing so
fish farming is a great Brazilian potential for you to have an idea Fiuza only
in the Lakes of our hydroelectric dams, according to the national water agency, we
we can produce 4 million tons of fish per year four million per year
and currently we haven't even reached 800,000 so imagine how many people
could be involved in the cold chain in transportation industries in the
In short, processing is a sector It is undoubtedly able to absorb and we
we have made regulations reducing bureaucratization President bolsonaro signed a decree
in the past for us to congress also passed a law that we have
really made it easier that the country that already spohr
pork meat for the whole world is also a major producer
of fish you can see the film right the wire I already touched on this subject here of a law
state there in Rio Grande do Sul prohibited the fishing of shrimp in the two
and my we were 12 months ago, there was a Minister of the Supreme Federal only, who in case
that I saw eliminated left that law there in my people went back to fishing now
what happened before the shrimp is created Rio Grande do Sul I don't know why he
went down to the south for people to go it was fished by the Argentines and she sells it in the
blue three Absurdos exists in droves in the federal government two was created in the past
that police to create difficulties to sell facilities I have is a lot
thing to say but with the presidency to measure the words here but she a lot
wrong thing that happened for Inter and the most varied unassuming
possible last save him save very good night president '
good night secretary looks like secretary in several fake fishermen getting
that helps closed right the defense scholarship in regions other than fishing for
example here in the federal district and other regions i want to know if you
already had a fine comb there already identified these asphalt fishermen
who receive help from Zé Maria, pleasure to talk to you is yes
we are already done a job as I said here an anti-fraud group
that we released there together with the federal police INSS is the Social Security Secretariat
and work, in short, several groups from within the federal government that used to happen
Maria is that there is no interest from the old fisheries managers and it is to fight
this type of fraud the real fisherman he needs to receive the closed OK
the problem that hit the tip 67 percent of people who receive properly
So we already have this group or fraud that only in November and December
Zé Maria saved from the Brazilian taxpayer money 90 million
Our expectation with the new system that we are going to launch still in
2021 is to really eliminate through CPF crossings other
the form of intelligence in the federal government is to actually reduce that number
there it is for an acceptable number because today it is the biggest social security fraud in the
world is unfortunately called safe-closed and we will fight and
we will honor our Brazil already husband but it is shot I didn’t say here that
are you Maria that the password to get us inside was with the respective
Governor this is not true so what are you doing
I used to arrive in the communities, you are going to be a fisherman. But I neither know nor know here that
is earthworm will be a fisherman put and then did the political registration the password with the
guys the federal government at that time girls in the play didn't even know
that was happening and I get scared how Brazil didn’t really break
didn't go to space or to the hole every hoe here is a worm one not
I know which collective of worms came into my life as the best one is
a terrible terrible thing we are there fought against fraud that contains
Ministry thanks to God 2 years and 1 month with nothing of corruption here I spoke in
past, right, for my government, the car wash ended with the bludgeon going down to the
my grandpa doesn't have a Priscila car wash and the other one and the PF has autonomy tightens
has the autonomy to carry out the investigations it thinks it has to
do and invest a lot of things caught a lot of people there Saying health resource
and operations with the certainty that not the most varied is possible and the Government
is preparing to do its part, right now the registrations for
two thousand vacancies in the Federal Police 450 thousand people signed up we're going
start in conversation with Alexandre rolling the director of the Federal Police the
André Mendonça here, the head of the rolling show, you know, is our Minister of
Justice we will start as soon as possible to do all the tests and who will help you
wants that at the most 31st of December our love you already these two thousand
federal police officers and already start working with from
2021/22 and our government will have the effective sauce of PF from Brazil the same thing
that the federal highway police are also going I don't know if the
close close registration or not for two thousand vacancies for the Police
Rodoviária Federal also does an exceptional job I'm not even talking
here drug seizures especially after and April last year is straight on
up on drug seizure rap and when you have the drug institutions
now there are some who write nonsense there social spaces we go there incinerates and
show the people you learn the drug can be burned immediately and
analyzed is done a job to try to know where it came from where to go
and for us to really decrease It’s the drug thing that circulates our
country that along with drugs comes everything that is disgrace family destruction as well
Corruption Comes away, everything that sucks and people have people for
who doesn't know what a family is Where does one of them addict depend on
Drugs forward ends the family put it well and we know son when the guy
entered the world of drugs difficulty for certain then Federal Police Police
Rodoviária Federal Congratulations to the two institutions that we have to value
increasingly learn to respect the work that these people do to
us together with the military police in Brazil Civil Police Police
Criminal railway helps there, right, the aeronautical navy army also makes a
exceptional work not with this objective, with these more attending
in other areas in Brazil well Facebook YouTube Instagram our around 43
thousand kilos with more Young Pan News 95,000 are giving us a cloak
Augusto's gang uses giving the cloak to us right more than twice as many people there
I want it to increase even more the class of the end of the drops in the is
ending here guys who's in my PA
YouTube Instagram spoke a bit sweet to hear the comments signs is the
bottom Zinho you moved the world with the bug Zinho of the alteration
black and you show up here start that Zé do Caixão and miniatura are messing with the
dog we also have the Political Sheet 3,000 Young Pan News 15,000 focus of the
Brazil 2001 currently approximately 150 thousand people watching us on these channels
Ferrari is just thank you until next week if God wants Maybe I
go to São Francisco do Sul there this weekend and would return on Monday
tuesday i start on wednesday to get back to normal in the repeat you me
criticizes right the male works also put it is just a place there of non fatty wax
I’m okay, now my cutie is moving right there So then
folks life goes on We have to face adversity it’s no use
staying at home crying will not get you anywhere respect the virus return to
work that without economics does not have Brazil Thank you all very much thank you
to the Pingo Doce program again and until next Thursday if God wants
peace book